I have already applied my foundation and
prepped my skin and now I'm applying a
layer of Vaseline so that we don't want
no crusty lips we need smooth now moving
into the eyebrows I actually prefer
using a dark brown eyeshadow with the
angled brush as opposed to a pencil
because I think that looks more fake and
this looks more real it's just filling
in my sparse areas making it look nice
and chic now to start with our eye
makeup I am going to apply a nice light
cream eyeshadow just on my eyelid and on
top of that I'm gonna Pat a nice gold
metallic shade on the eyelid taking a
beautiful copper color with a fluffy
brush I am going to Pat it on the outer
corners of my eyes and just blend it in
I'm gonna even use my fingers to blend
it a little bit more because I just
couldn't be bothered to take another
brush now I'm moving into our purple
eyeliner that I feature in my favorites
video of January I'm going to apply it
on my lower lash line I'm not going to
go all the way to the inner corner
leaving a little bit of space in the
inner corner I am going to top off the
purple eyeliner with a little bit of
powder eye shadow just to lock it in
with a pencil eye shadow brush taking a
white eyeliner pencil I'm going to apply
it to my waterline so that we have that
wide-eyed innocent doe like beautiful
innocent eye look you know you know that
look
yep so now I'm going to take my black
eye shadow with a flat angle brush and
I'm going to just tap it to the lashline
just to thicken up my lashes just to
make it look like a little bit darker
and a little bit thicker now it's time
for mascara I'm actually gonna apply two
layers of mascara so we have nice full
thick long lashes I am going to apply a
non waterproof mascara first and then
going to top it off with a waterproof
mascara just in case I decide to cry or
you decide to cry or something of that
it's always good to be weather proofed
I'm starting off with the non waterproof
mascara I'm gonna call all my lashes
with it and
then while this dries let's move on to
the blush to intensify the blusher and
to make sure that it lasts long I'm
going to take the lipstick and use this
as a cream blush or a blush base
applying it to both the cheekbone and
blending it nicely with a foundation
brush and then I'm gonna top it off with
a powder blush just on the tops of my
cheeks now it's time to take a cotton
ball and wipe off the Vaseline so make
sure you wipe it off nicely so all your
crustiness is also out and all you're
left with is a nice smooth big huge bump
kind of lips then line your lips with a
nude lip liner and also fill it in so
that you know even when your lipstick or
a lip gloss is all gone you still have
your lip liner as a nice base underneath
all that now I'm going to go back to the
second coat of mascara which was so
waterproof mascara and nice coatings of
this coming back to the lips I'm gonna
take a nice pink lip gloss and apply it
on top of my lip liner base that we
created so I think a face is done let's
just go through a Valentine's Day makeup
checklist dreamy eyes
click glowy cheeks sheesh wobble lips
click now you can obviously stop at the
stage if you want because I think this
is pretty good to go but depending on
the occasion you can actually top off
our eyeshadow with some girl it up
because glitter is always fun you know
I'm taking a gold glitter I'm gonna
apply it just on the gold part of the
eyeshadow and there we are done maybe
you want shiny disco ball on your eyes
so I am going to go for some more
glitter taking a nice purple glitter I'm
gonna even go for my lower lash line
what do you think this is the completed
look I hope you liked it and I hope you
will rock it for Valentine's Day and I
hope you have a very very very nice and
fun and enjoyable Valentine's Day I'll
see you soon